Information
Morteza Keshmiri
Frontend Developer (Najaf, Iraq)
Mortezakshmr@gmail.com ↗
Github.com/mortezakshmr ↗
Skype: cid.4de0aba7352312cd ↗

SUMMARY
Frontend software developer with strong
proficiency in building and developing client
side and server side UI's.
I have solid understanding of implementing
core principles of modular and componentbased design patterns.
I have Strong proficiency with vue framework
and react library.
I am an expreianced programmer , working
in software development for over 7 years.

SKILLS
HTML Css JS Typescript React Vue
Next Nuxt Tailwind
Node Redux Express Vite Webpack
GraphQl Restful APIs Git Scss BEM
PWA Ionic Seo Basics

SHOWCASES
🔗 zirehapp.com
🔗 karsu.ir
🔗 bodobit.ir
🔗 honey.land
🔗 mom.ir
🔗 crm.signal.ir
🔗 drserita.com
🔗 signalads.com

LANGUAGES
Advanced English
Native Arabic

EDUCATION
Qom University of Technology
Mechanical Engineering (Bachelor's degree)

EXPERIENCES
Frontend developer
April 2022 , Jan 2024 | Karsu
› Built and developed fully responsive UI for a human resource
management system with various subsystems and
automation features.
› Understanding and analyzing business requirements and
translating them into robust , user friendly SaaS software.
› Developed a custom rich-featured calendar using vue and
moment.js

Frontend developer
July 2020 , Jan 2022 | Pioneer Games
› Building a marketplace for NFTs crypto tokens , using web3
and blockchaing technologies.
› Implemented a monorepo structure for sharing code and add
more consistency across projects

Frontend developer
July 2019 , Apr 2020 | Mom Fertility Center
› Designed and implemented CMS UI for main website
› Collaborated on resolving critical SEO issues and optimizing
performance , using latest standard tools.

Frontend developer
May 2017 , May 2019 | Signal Co
› Working closely with UX designers, backend developers,
product managers and seo specialists to implement pixelperfect responsive and seo optimized user interfaces.
› Implemented error tracking and monitoring for beta projects
via Sentry.
› Collaboration and continues knowledge sharing with team
members and seniors. Consulating with expert coworkers for
providing best solutions
› Organisating , time management and balancing multiple
concurrent projects.
› Mentoring juniors and interns programmers, reviewing the
code and providing suggestions.
› Refactoring components and modules for improving
reusability and reducing repetitive code.